um hello everyone this is a follow up
video to the borderlands 2 slot machine
hack or mod and today I'm going to be
showing you how I did this so you're
gonna need a couple things for this you
need Borderlands 2 of course and you're
also going to need cheat engine so open
up cheat engine before you start your
game and you want to click this flashing
computer so here's all your processes
that you have running since where this
comes into play so start Borderlands 2
go into settings and I recommend that
you turn windowed mode on just because
it makes it easier you can turn it off
later book and then hit play
so once the game is running just wait
for this all right so you want to move
your mouse outside of the window and
open up cheat engine right here so you
can just click on the Start menu click
cheat engine so you want to click the
flashing computer and then through this
through this list you have to find
Borderlands 2 dot exe and then is press
open and now you can press ctrl + 0 at
the same time and open up a file i will
put in the description called slot hack
do you double click on that and at the
bottom here you should see be able to
fix lots and this should be a box next
to it just click on that box and then
leave everything the way it is you can
click out of that press Continue game or
select your load up your character
whatever you want to do and then you
want to head over to the slot machines
that mad moxxi's bar I think this works
on all slot machines but I haven't tried
it yet just go to this one sees easy to
get to so you want to see if it works
there we go you can just keep doing this
keep in mind the weapons from here will
scale to your level so as you can see
this one's level 39 so I recommend that
you'll level 50 when you do this but
yeah so thank you for watching and
subscribe